Adding data contribution guidelines. (#1079)
google/osv.dev: CONTRIBUTING.md

$ gcloud auth login --update-adc
$ make SERVICE_ACCOUNT=/path/to/service_account.json run-api-server
```
## Contributing Data

Data contributions are also welcome! 

If you a work with a project such as a Linux distribution and would like to contribute your security advisories, please follow these steps.

1. Open an [issue](https://github.com/google/osv.dev/issues). Let us know about your project and we can help you figure out the remaining steps. Please tag the issue `datasource` so we can properly triage the issue. 

> 2. Refer to [OSV Schema](https://ossf.github.io/osv-schema/) documentation for information on how to properly format the data so it can be accepted. 

Reviewer: Do you think inserting a "the" in front of "OSV Schema" makes it read more naturally?

> 2. Refer to [OSV Schema](https://ossf.github.io/osv-schema/) documentation for information on how to properly format the data so it can be accepted. 

Author: ```suggestion
2. Refer to the [OSV Schema](https://ossf.github.io/osv-schema/) documentation for information on how to properly format the data so it can be accepted. 
```

> 3. Data can be supplied either through a GitHub repo or a GCS bucket. 

Reviewer: Nit: any public Git repo works, it doesn't need to be hosted on GitHub. Maybe also prefix GCS with "public".

> 3. Data can be supplied either through a GitHub repo or a GCS bucket. 

Author: ```suggestion
3. Data can be supplied either through a public Git repository or a public GCS bucket. 
```
